fall in love
And Susan looked at this picture.
You should give up on Yan Ting, right?
Mom, what's wrong with you?
Did handsome dad bully you?
No, my mother accidentally made it herself.
And handsome dad?
Why didn't he take you home?
Is he still mad?
him
This -- this can't be true.
How could this be?
Mom, what's wrong?
How could I survive my eyes?
Impossible absolutely impossible
Do you want it in court?
Ah what the hell is going on
Yan Ting, did you forget yesterday?
The more you drank last night, the more excited you were.
Keep pulling me
Said nothing and refused to go home
That's not possible.
I know my alcohol intake and taste
Yan Ting, I'm lying to you when I hear what you mean.
I belong to a girl's family
How can you possibly take your innocence?
Don't worry, we're going to get married anyway.
I will be responsible for you.